There are a set of bricks. There is a brick A. The brick B is in front of the brick A. The brick C is in front of the brick B. The brick D is on top of the brick B . The brick E is on top of the brick A . The brick F is on top of the brick C . The brick G is on top of the brick D . The brick H is on top of the brick G . Now we have to get a specific brick. The bricks must now be grabbed from top to bottom, and if the lower brick is to be grabbed, the upper brick must be removed first. How to get brick A?

Let's think step by step:
1. To get brick A, we find E is on top of A.
2. We find E is on the top.
3 We need to remove brick E first, as it is on top of brick A.
4. Brick A is now accessible and can be grabbed.
So we get the result as E, A.

There are a set of bricks. For the brick A. The yellow brick B is on top of the brick A . The blue brick C is on top of the brick B . The blue brick D is on top of the brick C . Now we have to get a specific brick. The bricks must now be grabbed from top to bottom, and if the lower brick is to be grabbed, the upper brick must be removed first. How to get brick B?

Let's think step by step:
1. To get brick B, we find C is on top of B
2. We find D is on top of C
3. We find D is on the top
4. We need to remove brick D, as it is on top of brick C.
5. We need to remove brick C, as it is on top of brick B.
6. Brick B is now accessible and can be grabbed.
So we get the result as D, C, B.

There are a set of bricks. For the brick A, the color is blue. The blue brick B is in front of the brick A. The blue brick C is on top of the brick B . The white brick D is on top of the brick C . The white brick E is on top of the brick D . Now we have to get a specific brick. The bricks must now be grabbed from top to bottom, and if the lower brick is to be grabbed, the upper brick must be removed first. How to get brick C?

Let's think step by step:
1. To get brick C, we find C is on top of B.
2. We find D is on top of C.
3. We find E is on top of D.
4. We need to remove brick E, as it is on top of brick D.
5. We need to remove brick D, as it is on top of brick C.
6. Brick C is now accessible and can be grabbed.
So we get the result as E, D, C.

There are a set of bricks. The brick P is on top of the brick R . The brick J is on top of the brick B . The brick D is on top of the brick P . The brick R is on top of the brick H . The brick K is in front of the brick M. The brick B is on top of the brick D . For the brick M, the color is blue. The brick C is on top of the brick J . The brick H is in front of the brick K. Now we have to get a specific brick. The bricks must now be grabbed from top to bottom, and if the lower brick is to be grabbed, the upper brick must be removed first. How to get brick M?

Let's think step by step:
1. To get brick M, we find there is no brick on top of brick M,
So we get the result as M directly.

There are a set of bricks. The brick K is on top of the brick F . The brick M is in front of the brick F. The brick N is on top of the brick K . For the brick O, the color is blue. The brick G is on top of the brick A . The brick F is in front of the brick I. The brick I is in front of the brick O. The brick A is on top of the brick N . Now we have to get a specific brick. The bricks must now be grabbed from top to bottom, and if the lower brick is to be grabbed, the upper brick must be removed first. How to get brick O?

Let's think step by step:
1. To get brick O, we find there is no brick on top of brick O,
So we get the result as O directly.

There are a set of bricks. For the brick A, the color is blue. The yellow brick B is in front of the brick A. The yellow brick C is in front of the brick B. The white brick D is on top of the brick C . The white brick E is on top of the brick D . The yellow brick F is on top of the brick E . Now we have to get a specific brick. The bricks must now be grabbed from top to bottom, and if the lower brick is to be grabbed, the upper brick must be removed first. How to get brick C?

Let's think step by step:
1. To get brick C, we find C is in front of B.
2. We find D is on top of C.
3. We find E is on top of D.
4. We find F is on top of E.
5. We need to remove brick F, as it is on top of brick E.
6. We need to remove brick E, as it is on top of brick D.
7. We need to remove brick D, as it is on top of brick C.
8. Brick C is now accessible and can be grabbed.
So we get the result as F, E, D, C.
